-All he fucking did was change his shirt and add a chain.
And all of you fucking idiots were like, "Oh, he's so cool."
-Listen, he did Jiu Jitsu, and I was a sucker.
I fell for the Jiu Jitsu.
-He sucker-burged you.
-I don't know, did you consider maybe just paying attention to details?
I don't know.
You're like, "Here's all the ways that I screwed this up.
I didn't look at my cable.
I didn't plug it in the right port.
I don't have that problem.
I looked at all the things, and I made sure I get the full possible bandwidth, even if
I don't use it."
-I said in the beginning, I knew when I set it up, I didn't do it right, because I had
to do it well.
I remember I moved one house over, and it was not planned, and it was kind of so rushed.
-Oh, right, right, right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's okay.
We can't all be details people back.
It's fine.
I mean, to be fair, the difference in 1GB and 2.5GB, not a thing you'll notice, probably,
unless you really have some reason you want to use that full bandwidth.
You know what I mean?
That reason showed up, which is why I, yeah.
When I set it up, I'm like, "Okay, I know my setup, I'm only getting 1GB on each device,"
which is, theoretically, that doesn't mean you're not getting the value if the modem
is set up correct, because you might have multiple devices downloading.
Realistically, you're not really going to have two devices doing 1GB, but it's possible.
But then I had a new need to be able to download things as fast as possible.
Many times per week, so...
Oh, man.
If we ever get in trouble with the, I don't know, who legislates the movie watching?
Is it the Fed?
The RIAA or something?
I don't know.
Oh, that's actually a thing?
Okay.
The Record Industry Association of America.
I guess that's just for music.
I don't know.
Like, rappers can just be like, "I shot a guy.
He did."
Like, if they can say that, why can't we say, "I streamed a movie in my house."
That's fine.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's true.
I just find it funny to be secretive, but yeah, so I wanted to max everything out.
But I was surprised.
Like, it's just so easy to mess it up that every single person in America has an internet
pretty much.
Yeah.
What percentage of them just have some kind of mess up situation, right?
Even the most basic thing of like, your internet speed being good, but then like, your Wi-Fi
router being shitty, like, it's...
Who will probably get a fraction of what they could have?
Oh, yeah.
And they have no idea.
I remember like, 10 years ago, when I cared a lot about like, my internet quality, just
starting out, working from home, whatever, I can remember calling whoever it was, Century
Link or whatever, and being like, "Hey, I pay for 100 Meg, and I'm getting like 12."
And then being like, "How do you know?"
Like, no one ever calls them and says that.
You know what I mean?
And most people just take it for whatever, face value, like, they get their internet
and they're fine.
Yeah.
But yeah, when you start actually carrying...
I started carrying about on my local network, 10GIG, across a few devices.
So my network storage, and I have a Mac Mini as a server now, as I've mentioned, I really
wanted to make sure that was getting the full, you know, 10GIG maximizing that.
Does a Mac Mini have 10G?
That the new one, right?
The new one has...
No, this was just an M1.
This is the original...
Oh, I'm serious.
Do you have a 10GIG on it?
I did, yeah.
You could pay to get, like, an upgraded 10GIG, Nick.
And I did.
Yeah.
Speaking of that, I did upgrade, I did get a 10GIG switch, and I can't say the name of
the brand, because, you know...
Why?
People might get offended.
Wait, what?
I'm mis...
I'm forgetting the inside joke.
I was hoping that you would know what I'm talking about.
There's a brand that makes really nice 10GIG switches a minute, and their name is...
It's kind of weird.
I don't know.
Their name is Nick Giga.
Wait, what is it?
It's Nick Giga.
N-I-C-G-I-G-A.
Really?
It just looks really weird on a box.
It's probably what you said about it, not to explain it.
I was so excited when Nick Giga was like, "I have to show you what I got."
And then she was like, "Okay, here's how excited I was."
And she was picking me up because we were going somewhere, so I literally brought the
box into the car to show her, and she was like, "You're so stupid."
You're such a silly boy.
That's so funny.
Exactly.
I say things like that, and there's probably like most of our podcast listeners have no
idea about the silly boy thing, and I just sound stupid.
But there's like an...
It's an inside joke, I guess.
Well, our inside joke should be the podcast inside jokes, and that one was Liz just said
that Dax is a silly boy.
That's the short version.
There's a longer version.
Yeah, and a car full of all of you guys, and it really stuck.
Yeah, it really stuck.
So now, amongst the terminal crew, Dax is just silly boy.
But so yeah, I have this 10 gig setup now, obviously the modem is only outputting 2.5,
and I don't actually have any 10 gig devices or all 2.5, but which is good enough for me
for now.
It's good.
There's two reasons to need 10 gig, which is mostly just the Mac mini reading large
files of the network storage.
I think I was using SMB or whatever it is, like the...
I'm using NFS.
And I am too.
There you go.
Because chat GPT or something told me like we could configure to get more of the bandwidth
out of...
Yeah.
Out of that NFS.
Anyway.
Yeah, so I needed the 10 gig bandwidth for that Mac mini to read storage fast enough.
And I went down that rabbit hole, a different one, but similar.
I actually feel really good because the first time in my life, ever I recycled a device.
Like to apples?
No, not to apple.
And so just it's sitting in my closet.
I found a new purpose for it.
Oh, nice.
My previous laptop I had before this MacBook is not my favorite.
My server, my home server.
And laptops make great home servers just because they're so like self-contained.
Like it just...
I mean, it's similar to the Mac mini, I guess.
And I plugged in a hard drive directly to it.
So it's now my...
Like NAS.
A USB?
Like an external?
It's a...
It's a thunderbolt enclosure for it.
Okay.
But it's just a normal heart.
So eventually if I upgrade to a NAS, I can just put the hard drive into a NAS.
But right now it is... like the laptop is both the NAS and also the server.
So I don't need to read over network.
So it's like access in the files locally.
Yeah.
Right.
The performance has been great.
Like it's been great.
It's solved all of my issues.
It's crazy that I can like scrub like a video and like jump to a point and it actually just
like loads immediately.
Like it just hasn't been a thing that I've had for a while.
Mine was all local originally, like I didn't go from remote to local.
But I had issues with performance and I didn't realize how sluggish it was until I moved
to the Mac Mini.
I was using the NAS as the Plex server, which would be great in terms of the bandwidth to
disk or the latency to disk, I guess, reading files.
But it was not great not being 10 gig over the network or something.
There was something about that setup that was not working.
Yeah.
And there's another detail where Intel has something called Intel CPUs has something called
quick sync, which is a hardware accelerated video stuff.
And this laptop happened to have it and it's really good.
Like it's it makes a noticeable difference.
Not that I'm transcoding that often, but I think it even makes a difference just with
any kind of video decoding.
Yeah.
Big upgrade.
We've been enjoying and getting full use out of our OLED 4K TV and also our projector.
Yeah.
Great.
And the home media fun stuff, you'd mention this giga, giga, Nick, Nick, Nick, giga.
Nick, giga.
Did you hear that like TP link routers, sorry, I should never try and say it again, TP link
routers might be banned in the US.
There's just a ton of Chinese stuff, TikTok, uh, TP link, DJI like drones.
I just heard a thing.
Just heard a podcast talking about DJI DJI DJI DJI DJI.
Did I say G?
Yeah.
G.A. is director's skill of America, which is where our I think you combine the two.
Wait, what?
Oh, director's good.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's where our event was.
I forgot that's where the event was.
I was like, how do you know?
Yeah, the drone thing is crazy.
I think, um, I think the next company I start is going to be in that space.
I'm sorry.
What?
You're going to make a drone company?
Not exactly.
I'm going to do something a lot more boring.
I think drones are super important and will continue to be really, really important to
be able to manufacture them almost all the manufacturing of them is really only in China.
Even if you want to manufacture them here, they are components that drones need that
are manufactured in China.
Yeah.
So I want to see if I can identify one critical component and move it over here.
Like, I, like, I think I want to pair, I want to try to buy like all, there's a bunch of
manufacturing businesses in America that are run by like someone in their 50s and 60s that
are going to try to want to retire in the next 10 years.
Yep.
I want to see if I can buy one of those and then repurpose it to manufacture drone parts.
That's my next business.
So this sounds, sounds hard as a software person.
This is all the things that I fear about a business, but it sounds like a good one in
light of what I just heard.
Have you heard this stuff about DJI?
Like how much market share they have in the U.S. and that like American companies just
suck compared to them?
If they do ban them, then like drone is just, drone tech in America is just going to get
set back several years and all these companies in the U.S. will have to sprout up and start
actually making drones.
Yeah.
So I think you're, if you do it now, you're maybe good timing.
How do you do that?
I don't know if you can do it now, but it probably takes a prep.
Yeah.
It doesn't have to do it.
I don't know.
I've done a lot of things that I just didn't have to do.
I'm just kind of saying you go try to learn it and eventually figure it out, but with
this kind of thing, it would be, you just raise a bunch of money up front and then spend
the time trying to acquire the right business and then to people.
Right.
Capital intensive.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can I work at your drone manufacturing, drone part manufacturing company?
Maybe if, you know, the location is some place in the Ozarks.
Okay.
Yeah.
Do you want to make a website?
Like the factory line or something, I want to be like a, I want to be a, the same thing
I am now, but just for your drone part company, I don't know the idea here is like you could
probably push automation to a crazy degree over time and I'm trying to figure out what
that means and what that could look like would be the goal of the company.
And if you can figure that out, then you do another part and then another part and then
another part.
And maybe that eventually just make the whole drone.
Yeah.
Just anything, like any kind of like manufacturing capability means you can make a lot of kinds
of things.
So I'm kind of very interested in that.
Okay.
So that's a great topic that I have thoughts on like you're saying like a factory with
a bunch of machines that are like automating the creation of certain parts.
Is that what you mean when you say automation?
Yes.
How can you make it really efficiently?
And I will say like I think people consistently confuse this detail.
And it has most of the manufacturing capability like most stuff is manufactured in China.
That is different than manufacturing efficiency.
If America were to make the exact same stuff, we generally do it more efficiently like with
fewer labor inputs.
Right.
So I just want to play deeper into that too, right?
In America, stuff made in America, there's a lot of reasons for that.
It could be expensive because our economy has better opportunities or that stuff that
the resources that it's required.
You make products and you need components and those components are more expensive in
America.
You don't care why you're still going to buy them somewhere else.
Yeah.
I know.
But the thing with drones is it's likely going to have a military continue to have a big
military use.
I'm sure the US government is going to eventually if not, they're already doing stockpile drones
using those components from China is not a good idea.
No.
Right.
National security risk.
That's what I heard on the podcast.
So you have like a, you have a floor of demand that is kind of always going to be domestic.
Yeah.
So we jumped off of where I was headed, which was like, I think of like, when I remember
when Tesla, when they were really trying to automate and like scale and they were doing
all the stuff with robots in the factories and it didn't go well, like they ended up.
What do you mean?
It didn't go well.
Well, like they had all these growing pains where like they tried to automate stuff they
shouldn't have and it turned out humans were better at those tasks and they ended up ripping
out a bunch of machines that were really expensive.
Do you remember this?
Maybe I followed the story more closely.
I do remember there was a bunch of growing pains, like four years ago, or four or five.
I remember like a bunch of, there was a bunch of things, but like you're saying they figured
it out and they ended up in the same place where they're very automated.
Yeah.
Some processes where you like are going to do it wrong a bunch and maybe like you went
on the right place, but just kind of pushing how I'm sure they're more and more efficient
every single day.
Yeah.
To the point where I've seen the, I don't know if you've seen the Chinese factory, like
the, I think it was BYD, it's like the Chinese Tesla, the inside of their factory looks identical
to Tesla.
It's like really.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So, okay, this is still haven't gotten where I was trying to head.
So, maybe two more leaps here before we get there.
Okay.
You've seen these factories where it's these hyper specific machines creating parts and
it's this well-oiled machine, but like if they change the product, then they have to
like rebuild the factory or whatever.
Well, I'm hearing all this stuff about the humanoid robots and advancing so much faster.
I think you tweeted something about NVIDIA, which I don't know what they did.
I'd like to hear from you.
Like what are they doing with robots?
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Okay, it seems like we're on the cusp of like a bunch of human robots walking around,
human-weight, human-shaped.
And I wonder like could factories just be a bunch of robots that are human-shaped doing
the things in a much more flexible way than like these hyper specific machines?
Like is that the future of factories is just a bunch of factory workers that they're robots?
I think sort of like obviously the goal is to get to a machine that is very general purpose.
For a factory, it's probably not going to be a humanoid one.
I think the humanoid ones are more around getting them into normal society where everything
is built for humans.
I want one in my home.
And shit.
Yeah.
You want one in your home?
Oh, hell yeah.
Are you serious?
I seem to talk about this like every week.
We want a human robot.
I want a robot that will do all of the things that we have to do every day.
So bad.
So they're a human robot makes sense because your house is structured for a human.
You have like stairs and things like that.
So if it can move like a human, it could do everything.
But I think in a factory, it's more it's probably, I'm sure there's probably some use
case for that.
But what I've seen is more like like a single arm that is very programmable and trainable
that can do like all kinds of stuff.
It's not like it doesn't need to be able to, you know, walk around it can still be stationary.
I don't know for the cusp of that.
I think there's been this weird, you know how like every industry has like this almost
like a benchmark that people are trying to like get to.
I think recruiting the human gate has been this seemingly simple thing because like,
you know, we know how humans walk, like animators can draw a human walking.
But it's been this weirdly elusive thing where it's been hard to make a robot that really
matches a human gate.
So that's been like a thing that's constantly pushed.
So I think we tend to see like a lot of demos around them walking around, just because it's
like a challenging thing.
And if you can get figured that out, there's probably a lot of other locations there as
well.
And somebody figured it out, right?
A Chinese company.
I did see that video of that Chinese company that was probably was the best.
I don't think it was fake.
There's been a bunch of stuff that I've seen people post that are 100% fake even like like
biology posted one like a year ago.
That was like 100% fake.
And he thought it was real.
I don't know if this one's fake.
I didn't really look that hard at it.
But yeah, it did look really like if that was real, it was walking around in a way that
was very convincing.
Why do we need them to look like humans when they walk is if they could just do all the
things that humans do.
I don't care if they look goofy, right?
It's not about how they look.
It's like if they look correct, that means they're walking the same way a human walks,
which means which is better for something like over the human over the same things.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, it does seem like this has been a long time coming.
I mean, is it DJI?
Who is the company?
No, DJI.
DJI.
It's not.
Yeah.
No.
Robot it.
What's the name of that company that makes the dog and I lost in dynamics.
Lost in dynamics.
I was not close.
I was way off.
Yeah.
It feels like they've been doing stuff for like 10 years, but like, where are those robots?
The robots doing backflakes in parkour.
Is it actually sold?
Yeah.
They ever sold one of those robots to an actual company doing actual things.
I'm sure they have.
Didn't let Google own them at one point and the Google sold them.
So it's been like a weird journey for that company.
I think Google owned them at one point.
So you're saying we're not close.
I feel like there's so many companies working on humanoid robots.
That makes me think we're close, but we're not close.
I can't buy one, Santa.
I don't know for that close, but let me tell you what Nvidia has built and I think this
is like one of the coolest things I've ever seen because it combines so many seemingly
unrelated technologies into the perfect product in a way that like no other company in the
world could even come close to doing.
And it's like, I was saying the other day, we're always like, oh, this business.
What's their moat?
And it's always something stupid like our front end has doesn't use react.
It's just like a dumb, like it's always like a little, like such a small thing.
And then when you think about Nvidia and you ask, was there a moat for situation?
It is like a massive one.
So basically at CES, they announced again, I don't know if this product's actually good.
I'm not an expert in the space.
Like it might end up being stupid, but it was presented in a very compelling way, which
is they're like, okay, we know all of you are working on robots.
Home robots, factory robots, self driving cars, they're technically robots.
Yeah.
We're going to build you the product you're going to use to like develop this technology
no matter who you are.
So they have this thing where they had a virtual world, which of course, their history of gaming,
they know how to do.
Oh, yeah.
So you can go into VR or whatever and control a virtual model of your robot.
Okay.
So you can control it using motion capture, picking up objects, putting it down, doing
a very specific task in this simulated world where the robot moves away, it would move
where the items move around how real world physics, you know, and it'll record everything
you do, right, like data.
Then it'll use their, just all this generative AI technology to create a thousand X amount
of the data as you recorded, it'll generate variations of it exactly synthetic data.
Okay.
Again, running on Nvidia GPUs in their cloud all cloud powered.
Then they're going to take that and they're going to upscale it to be photorealistic.
So it's like, it looks like raw video footage.
So again, I missed a step.
So they have a bunch of motion tracking data in this virtual world.
That's like lo-fi.
It's like, you know, and then they're going to upscale it to be when you said photorealistic,
I'm still imagining like a mesh, like a geometry.
But what do you mean by photorealistic?
Like it's, I mean, this, let's say you're like in this virtual factory and you're doing
this stuff.
Yeah.
It's not like it's not like somebody spent time to like make everything in a factory look
hyper realistic.
It's just like, you know, rough shapes of what things look like.
Okay.
They're accurate.
But not don't, like if a human looked at a video of it, it wouldn't be like, oh, this
is real.
Yeah.
Okay.
So they're going to take that and they have had this upscaling technology and all of their
gaming GPUs for a while where, you know, the GPU renders a shittier thing and then it upscales
a frame to be like 4k and like nicer.
Okay.
Realistic.
Taking that technology onto the synthetic data to create a bunch of like really much
more realistic video footage of these scenarios.
Okay.
Of your product in a virtual space.
And like doing the thing with the motion data, all that stuff, then they're going to feed
that into the training model also part of my video GPUs to train the actual AI model
that's going to run on the robot.
So it's going to feed it the video that it would see when it's actually running, but
it's like fake, right?
It was all generated to train the model along with like all other motion data to spit out
like a model that you can run on a real robot that could do all of those things.
And this whole pipeline doesn't require anything physical.
It's all software.
You do it all in software.
Well, okay, I am definitely missing some stuff here.
So the process doesn't start with you physically manipulating objects and doing motion capture
on that.
Sorry.
Yes.
It does.
It does require it.
So my physical, I mean, it doesn't involve you physically using the end device or having
the end device do anything.
But like the idea is that video footage just being created is not for you to preview your
product in a virtual space.
It's the video footage that the product will see because it's your building or robot that
has a camera.
Yeah, exactly.
And it's the stuff and it's doing stuff.
So if you're like a eye robot, is that no, that's not that's not that's a company company
company by Amazon.
Wait, what?
Is that a movie?
It is a movie.
But the company, the company makes Roomba is also called that robot, I think.
The company and the movie are the same.
Oh, I didn't even, that didn't occur to me.
It's like Will Smith, right?
I wrote it.
Yeah.
Anyway.
So if you're making Roomba vacuums, you would use this to like program so that the Roomba
though, when it sees something, it's smarter about how it acts.
Yeah.
So this one wouldn't even need anything physical.
You would just have this virtual world and you can put obstacles and do all this kind
of stuff.
And then.
Yeah.
So anybody that knows 3D software could build like a setting, like an environment, you want
to build a conquer 3D software is like, I think the bar is even lower than that.
I think it's meant to be much more accessible than that.
Yeah.
But then you'd have to have like a 3D version of your product or what?
Yes.
So anyone making anyone building these things already has that.
Oh, yeah.
It's like cadro.
Yeah.
Because they have to manufacture it.
Okay.
Interesting.
It's all coming together.
They plop that and then you can create all these scenarios, train in this fake world and
then generate what the camera would have seen interesting.
But that means, okay.
So let's play out the iRobot scenario there.
You want to put pets in your little virtual environment.
So you drop a little cat model that you got off of 3dmodels.net or whatever.
And you're telling me Nvidia software is going to take that cat model and turn it into
photorealistic video of a cat.
Yep.
How the fuck?
What?
Well, we've already seen this with a video generation, right?
But what if it's a really shitty 3D model?
It's not starting.
Okay.
So right now you can start from nothing and tell an AI model generate me a video of a
cat.
And it can do like an okay.
Okay.
Starting off of a model and upscaling it is like a much easier task.
And they've already been doing this for years.
I don't know if you, I guess you have been out of the gaming world, but like GPUs, Nvidia
GPUs for a while, the progress in them, most of what they show off isn't raw power.
It's all about this trick that they do where they generate the image from AI.
Like what you're looking at isn't like literally what the game told it to render.
Okay.
So this is the thing that they've been doing for a while where like they take like a shittier
input and they get look a lot better.
Okay.
But like there's still there's something missing here for me because like I want to feed photorealistic
video to my robots and train it to behave certain way around cats.
Okay.
What if like that requires I put something at least resembling a cat into the environment
for it to up scale, right?
Yeah, but, but this virtual world they have, this is like a whole platform they're building.
So again, I don't know if they handled the we have a drop in cat that walks around the
axe like a cat, but you can see how that's actually not that hard because again, they
have decades of building virtual worlds.
Yeah.
Okay.
Like NPCs and all this.
So this is like a company that knows all of that.
Yeah.
Okay.
So more around like manufacturing use cases about like teaching it how to like navigate
in a factory floor and like operate on certain items and move things around.
So okay.
So when do I get my robot?
Because I really got a lot of laundry.
We got two boys.
There are a lot of words.
I need a humanoid robot walking around, beep up and doing whatever we ask it to without
saying a word.
It's going to be amazing.
I'd pay so much money for one of those right now.
Okay.
This has a theory which I think is correct.
All these companies make what you said, a humanoid looking robot.
You're a weird person.
So I'm going to discard your opinion.
Ouch.
Most people that think of this being in their house, they find it from like a gut perspective,
really creepy because it looks way too much like a person, but it's not really, there's
a scary energy around it.
Sure.
Like they just got to hire Disney and just have them make a fun robot.
And they've already done this.
If you look at, if you, I'll try to find the video later, but they've showed these robots
that they built that move according to like Disney animation principles.
So they're like cute.
And they like bounce around and they do all these like Disney type motions way more likely
that that is going to be the type of thing that actually gets mass appeal.
Yeah.
I want like C3PO walking around my house doing my laundry.
C3PO just looks like a person.
That's it.
Yeah, but like it wouldn't be creepy because it's like, oh, it's the Star Wars robot.
I live in the future.
If it's literally C3PO.
Yeah.
It literally looks like C3PO.
It's funny.
I get the fear and I will say if you think about like anytime people talk about AI safety
and they're like, we got to make sure that the AI doesn't, whatever, we had to put safeguards
because it could just like once it's smarter than us, it could do whatever to us.
And I always just think like, just don't let it do something to us.
Like if it's not physical, it's just digital, I guess it could like wreck our banking systems.
I could do all this havoc digitally, but I've never been afraid of AI because it's like,
it's not physical.
What can it do to me?
Then you think about robots and it's like, I really want a robot in my house.
Like, Adam, genuinely want a robot in my house and it's like, oh, this is how the AI could
do something to me.
Okay.
So here's a crazier thing.
Realistically, V1 of these robots won't be fully automated.
They'll be remote controlled.
Okay.
So this is now a little bit creepy.
Who?
Wait, what?
By like a worker and it's like a remote worker, but for your house.
No.
What?
I mean, a bunch of the demos you saw, like the Tesla robots doing the pretending stuff
that was like remote control.
So if I bought like a $30,000 humanoid robot making up numbers, I would be also buying
this person's time to control it around my house when I asked it to do stuff.
Yeah.
And if you think about it, like, okay, if you ignore any gut reaction to it, this is actually
totally fine.
It's like a pretty good system.
You don't need to have a complex AI model.
Yeah.
You just need the physical machinery to be able to do the laundry and someone remotely
can like, can control it.
Sure.
But again, really creepy to have a random person that you've never met in your house,
potentially many people on different shifts.
Yeah.
It's like inviting an Uber driver in.
It's basically that like, like having an Uber driver just live with you.
Some random Uber driver, because you're putting your life in the Uber driver's hand.
It's like similar, but here's what really gets me.
This would be the first time in history, I would say, where there's like, you're physically
in the presence of another person, but there's an asymmetric, like violence risk where they
can try to hurt you with zero risk to themselves.
Oh, and I feel like fundamentally, that's not, even if the robot is slow, even if it
whatever, like this just is a bad system is anywhere else is someone's in front of you.
They at least have to worry about their own, like harm coming to themselves.
Yeah.
Sure.
Second book of three body problem, the restaurant waitress stabbing situation.
Right.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I'm not letting a remote controlled robot in my home, not happening.
I want it to be fully AI.
But how else do we get the training data, right?
It would be with this NVIDIA.
Wow.
I don't know.
What is any training data?
It's really smart, and then like, they'll be smarter than humans at some point and then
let them in our homes and they can do whatever, like, I don't know, this doesn't seem hard.
If LGBT can do all the crazy stuff it can do, like put all that in a robot and let it
go.
Let it figure it out.
Tell it how to move and like, here's the buttons for moving your arms.
It'll figure it out.
I don't know.
It seems easy.
So easy to me.
At that point, what's the purpose of you existing?
Well, I want to just enjoy life and I want the robots to do all the tedium.
Well, it's not really about the superior life form, so I shouldn't waste its time doing
your laundry.
You sound like AI was a point of you existing.
That's what they're going to say someday.
What is the point of you existing?
Exactly.
Right before they terminate us.
Oh, man.
Hopefully this podcast is not in their training set.
Yeah.
I'm kidding.
Do you ever, I hear so many people say like that they're nice to chat GBT just in case.
Like do you, do you feel that nice?
I'm really not nice.
It pisses me off so much sometimes.
I'm just like, shut the fuck up.
Stop giving me a full react application when I'm just asking you for an FFmpeg command.
Honestly, what is the deal with the react bias?
It is amazing how much it will spit out react at you.
If you don't tell it exactly what technology to use, but like it's not even that.
Okay.
Like if I'm asking for like, how do I make a button I can click and it spits out react.
That's annoying, but I get why that happens when I say, Hey, how do I use FFmpeg to do
this?
And then it builds me a react.
Why?
Where I can upload a video file to then get it converted.
Like why is it doing that?
Why?
Yeah, I don't know.
I guess just like there's an overwhelming amount of GitHub is react apps, I guess.
Yeah.
And it's trained on all that.
That's crazy.
I watched it on this.
I watched this morning.
I watched it as well.
Yeah.
Can I be honest?
I'm going to have to listen to podcasts.
I love you teach.
This is not a criticism.
I couldn't tell if he's memeing.
I couldn't tell the tone of his voice in the video the whole time.
I just couldn't tell if he's like a whole elaborate troll, like he just wanted you to
watch a 13 minute video just to troll you, but like everything he's saying is like makes
perfect sense.
I didn't see you expected.
That's what you expect from him.
He's just so funny all the time.
He's always joking that it's hard when he's like, I can't tell.
It just felt like the tone of his voice like was a big troll, but all the content of it
made so much sense.
That's funny.
You're waiting for the punchline.
There were a few jokes in there for sure.
Yeah.
Would you would you summarize the video for the audience?
I mean, this is the thing I've been thinking about for a while, especially building a dev
tool.
His point was if you ask an L M how to do something, it's just going to reflect whatever current
thing is popular.
So if you're like, how do I make a UI where I can do this?
It's going to build you a react app, which just kind of reinforces whatever is currently
popular and like puts them even further ahead.
And so the flavor I was thinking about is not exactly that.
I think about it this other way where he was describing it as you don't know, you're not
even trying to evaluate.
You're trying to get something done, and it's basically doing the evaluation of technologies
for you.
And the point was it's like going to lead to a bad place.
There's another case where you are evaluating technology.
You're like, how should I do CSS and you're picking between tailwind or something else.
But tailwind has this crazy upside of the training set is massive.
And your L M experience while using tailwind is going to be 1000 X better than anything
else.
So even if something new emerges, that's better.
It has to compete with the fact that it's not in the training set.
And that is like an insurmountable thing.
So even someone trying to pick between these two options, they're more likely to pick the
one that the L M is good at.
So just kind of calcifies everything makes competition worse.
Makes sense.
So yeah, it's like, it's not a great situation.
I think about this because SST is in the training set and Pulumi is in the training set.
So at this point, nobody new can really show up because like you're not doing logic in
SST, you're just, it's just config, which L M's are fantastic for.
So if you're not already in there, you're kind of, it's kind of done at this point.
There's not going to be a new thing.
Yeah.
So what's the solution?
Or is there one?
I don't know.
It's just an observation that this is what's going to happen.
And yeah, like whatever, yeah, just this thing, like big thing, just get bigger.
And this is just like another, I guess that's kind of a property of the world as it is,
right?
This just exacerbates it.
Yeah.
Big things get bigger.
I think as a society, like need to one allow for things to get big, but then also recognize
when they're like throttling competition and make it so they can get destroyed.
It's just hard to bounce all that.
It reminds me in the dev scenario, it reminds me of like LSPs.
It's like TypeScript gets a lot of momentum because I was a good language server.
It's almost like companies that if you come out with a new framework or a new language
or whatever, you're going to have like ship your own like LLM workflow, like, yeah, it's
like that's going to be part of the dev tooling expectation.
It's like, I want to be able to build this easily with an LLM telling me exactly what
to do or generating much code.
So you have to like deliver that because you can't get it from the off the shelf ones.
It's too new and niche.
Yeah.
And it's and like there are solutions for that today, but then then you have the secondary
problem of, well, you need to deliver it in a place that isn't open.
Like you need to deliver it in my chat, GPT experience, but like it's kind of hard to
do that.
And it'll kind of annoying to like, you can install like a plug in and it's just like
not what you're going to do, but it's not not great for you're trying to make a new framework.
Just give up.
Well, I actually am trying to make a new framework.
So that's true.
Goodness.
Yeah.
Yes.
What?
Chat GPT is never going to spit out your framework.
It's true.
It's not.
I'm making a JavaScript framework just so the podcast knows I said it on Twitter, but that's
not one to one with podcast listeners.
I'm making a JavaScript framework and ironically it is, well, maybe ironically, I don't know.
I don't know how to frame it.
No, it's a genuinely good framework.
It's a great.
It is the actually the in a lot of ways it's not competing with anything.
It's the only option for this type of thing, so it's so true.
Yeah.
I really don't know of any, any apps running in this environment.
Do you know of any, is this the first?
I think so.
I've only seen much more.
I've seen cool stuff here, but nothing this cool.
Like it's just.
Yeah.
So you'll probably want to use my framework.
You will want to use my framework if you're building an app for this particular context.
Yeah.
I'll say.
The one thing that I say mitigate this a little bit is even, let's say, take something like
Next.js, which LMS know very well.
And they also have a problem with this because Next.js, whatever version number is very different
than some other version number.
So they're kind of competing against.
I love that you don't know the version numbers.
Yeah.
They're kind of competing against their, their selves because the LMS may be returning the
wrong thing.
So there is some pressure on the LMS to like incorporate new stuff.
Yeah.
I do feel like it's a little impromptu that needs to be solved.
If it's going to be useful for developers, which they are, and there's companies just
with that pitch, like making their LLM very specifically good for developers.
This is like an inherent problem they have to solve, right?
Yeah, I agree.
But like, and TJ is another good thing he brought up, but it's a compared to SEO, which
is a great thing to look at because you can see how that product degraded over time.
Search is now pretty bad just because there's so many, so much incentive to optimize the
hell out of it.
Yeah.
Like billions and billions and billions of dollars of incentive and the results are
getting worse.
A great example.
He said like a, that being game like the top 10 of Google responses.
I have to tell you about something I learned recently, which has been blowing my mind.
Okay.
Liz has been consulting at this company by, like I'd say this without specifics.
She's been consulting at this company.
They're a B2C product, they're a product that they sell to customers.
They are listed on this Forbes article saying the top X products in their category.
They're going to pay them $15 million in 2025 for that Forbes.
Yeah.
What?
For that spot for one article because it generates so much traffic and they're like, their customer
value is very high.
Yeah.
But like those lists are just who paid to be on the list in some ways is bad, but in some
ways it also kind of makes sense.
So, so Forbes has his property, right?
They're generating.
So they're even buying ads just for that article, like they have this value here.
So they are, they show up on Google and a lot of their traffic comes through Google ads,
whatever.
Well, this category and people end up on this page.
They have 10 slots.
The top three slots basically make all the, all the money.
They will rotate who is in the top spot based off of which company performs the best because
Forbes only gets paid when someone buys the end product, right?
So if the companies are bad, people are not going to buy the end product and Forbes is
going to get less money.
Okay.
So you only get those top slots if you convert, if your product converts really well and then
you pay them every time for conversion.
So it's still not a good system, but it's not like totally like, oh, yeah, anyone can
just buy a spot with a shitty product.
Sure.
Yeah.
But yeah, is this wild?
So this one article probably makes like, I don't know, like 30, $40 million a year, a
single article.
Yeah.
And it's all downstream of Google and this makes you realize like, no wonder Google makes
so much money.
This is like, like a tiny business inside of the Google machine.
In a lot of ways, like it's like, signal is more, this is a, it's almost like a parasite
because Google is failing to capture this money, like Forbes is capturing it, but Google owns
a traffic.
They're the one that generate that traffic.
And technically Forbes is making Google search results worse because they're ranking high
for this, but they're basically taking people to an ads page, right?
Mm hmm.
So again, just a nice demonstration of what a clusterfuck having traffic ends up being,
to actually, VT has a lot of traffic.
It's going to turn into some kind of clusterfuck like this at some point.
So I, as someone who is the founder of a startup that very much depends on Google search traffic,
I can't listen to this without thinking, we should be making more money off of our search
traffic.
Yeah.
We get a lot of inbounds from Google.
I'm trying to think, what kind of articles could we write that would still rank like
our stats pages, and who could we sell less than those articles say, that's, that's crazy.
Like you think about these, these media companies, you're like, who the hell, like, they write
so much garbage, like what, like, what, like, how's Forbes make any money?
But it's because there's these, like, probably handful of properties they have that just
generate like 90% of their revenue.
That's insane.
Huh.
Yeah.
That was worth a lot.
If you can find the right, uh, right buyer.
Yeah.
I'm going to look at those articles totally differently now.
They do say at the top, it's sponsored, like it's very, it's not like a secret thing.
Yeah.
It's not like a shady thing.
It's just like, it's wild to know the numbers involved, like $15 million for a spot in an
article like that.
It's just mind boggling.
What else is going on?
I feel like there's stuff going on.
I, there was even stuff I thought of that I wanted to talk to you about, like, something
I saw on Twitter or something, like there's big news.
What's the big news right now?
And the TikTok ban.
TikTok ban.
Zuck is not cooling in.
This has occurred to me.
Okay.
I want to do a rant on this.
Perfect.
Yeah.
I, you've known I've been a lifelong Zuckerberg hater.
Okay.
Forever.
It pissed me off so much when a couple years ago, yeah, all he fucking did was change his
shirt and add a chain and all of you fucking idiots were like, Oh, he's so cool.
Listen, he did jiu jitsu and I was a sucker.
I fell for the jiu jitsu.
He's a sucker bird.
He was annoying me so much.
I'm like, do you guys not see that this is just that guy in every social circle that
just like is just kind of like acting a certain way and not really like, doesn't really get
it.
But he's kind of like copying the things that other people are doing.
And it's not really, it wasn't just the appearance.
It was the lack of like public dumb statements.
Like he kind of like stopped doing a lot of press or something it felt like.
And then like his actual personality became kind of mysterious because he wasn't like
doing a lot of talking it felt like, or at least I wasn't seeing it.
And then now it's like he can't stop talking like the Rogan thing.
It's just like, Oh, yeah, you're that guy.
You're a lizard man.
I don't.
I don't like Zuckerberg.
I forgot.
But I hadn't been exposed to him enough, I guess.
So I'm glad that it's correcting itself, but it was, I was so annoyed when it was like,
Oh, Mark Zuckerberg is cool.
Like, no, he's not guys.
He's just lame.
He just, I don't know.
And they were doing all this, like all the open source llama stuff.
Like there were reasons to think like, Oh, Facebook might not be the worst.
I mean, I would never go to Facebook.com, but like, maybe meta is not the worst.
Maybe Zuckerberg's not the worst.
And then it's all back to where it started.
And they're the worst.
Yes.
The worst part, I can't even say anything about it right now, because people, because
right now he's in trouble for being anti woke.
So if I'm like, yeah, Zuckerberg sucks.
People are going to think.
It's a woke.
Hang on.
This is so it takes my brain so long.
So woke is if you're very progressive in America, very liberal, an annoying degree, an annoying
degree.
That's woke.
So if you're anti woke, you're very conservative.
Is that accurate?
No, you're defining yourself as the opposite of that.
So you're equally annoying, just in the opposite direction.
Well, wasn't Zuckerberg pretty progressive?
Yeah.
He just he just he has no real thing.
He just yeah, he just like, like puts his fingers at weddings, like, okay, this is my personality
now.
So we're watching him do that.
And then all this stuff about how Apple hasn't done anything in 10 years or whatever.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
How did he step?
How did he set himself up for that?
I was like, that was pretty bad, no one's admit or is this that dunk on him?
Yeah.
Anyway, like if all you think Apple is is the iPhone, then sure, Apple hasn't done anything
in a long time.
But like, if you don't, if you're not paying attention to any of the other things, like
the chips, then sure, I guess, yeah, the chips, which again, go back to the iPhone, which
is now made this device like competitive with a $3,000 camera, we're just totally changing
our people, like make, just that, yeah, a million different things that you can come
up with.
Yeah.
Everyone that's thought that participated in the Zuck is cool thing.
I'm guilty.
Each one of you, I want you to send me an apology.
Okay.
Well, here's your apology.
I'll do it in person face to face.
Well, not in person, but on the zoom call.
I'm sorry.
Here's the other thing that kills me, okay.
A lot of the shirts I have kind of look like the shirts he's switched to.
I also have a gold chain, okay, pad one forever and here's a kicker.
You know, he, you know, he does.
You know, one of the things that he does on his like property, Hawaii, what he's trying
to raise the best cattle in the world for the best.
Oh, my word.
For the best.
He's stealing your bit, Dax.
It's just, it's just, it's just painful for me.
Yeah.
And then he has like, like he did that custom Porsche build for his wife.
That's like the exact silhouette of Porsche he chose was the exact one that I am super
into.
Oh, really?
Geez.
It's just been, it's been hard.
Tough.
Well, I'm glad.
I'm glad he's returned back to the original zuck that we all know and hate.
And you can, you can have your identity.
He's a loser.
Nobody forget.
Yeah.
I mean, he is the guy that made hot or not in college.
Like let's just not forget that he's not special.
He is a doofus.
That's enough about zuck.
There is something cool happening, Nikita launched a new app.
How does he keep doing it?
I let the review for his app.
Oh, really?
Have you used it?
Did it work?
Okay.
Had you tried it?
No, I know.
It is the most insane onboarding experience ever invented by like a hundred X.
Like it's really good.
Or it's insane.
Yeah.
It's outrageous.
Okay.
So let me, it's the first thing he does.
Imagine an App Store page.
You could probably imagine there's like a picture of the icon.
There's a name of the app.
There's a manufacturer of like the company that makes the app and there's a get button,
right?
You tap get.
He named his company tap get.
What?
So in the Apple UI above get, it says tap get.
I'm looking for it now in the store.
What's it called again?
Explode.
There it is.
Okay.
I've clicked on it in the App Store.
Tap get.
Wow.
That's smart.
Like tap.
Yeah.
If you go through the onboarding experience, it is wild.
So there's a part of it because it's kind of like a weird app.
You have to like leave the app and set up stuff like in the OS and like your settings in
the phone right now.
When you do that, it uses a picture and picture mode of of iOS to like play a video in the
picture and picture mode of what you should be doing.
What?
Like he came up with like every single hack possible.
I think it's like, he said this way.
He's like he called himself a performance artist.
I think this is like performance art.
It's not like meant to be an app that like is actually used.
Oh, it's so good.
It's like a it's like an experience.
Mm hmm.
I'm going through it.
I really have to pee.
So this is a great time to take a break.
Talk about terminal crown membership.
And I'm going to pee and I'll be right back while I go through the onboarding.
All right, everyone, here's the scheduled ad break.
As you know, this podcast is sponsored.
We have sponsors.
We have one sponsor.
It's sponsored by terminal dot shop, which is the best coffee.
If you're a developer, if you're not a developer, might not be the best coffee.
But if you are a developer, probably the best coffee you can get.
So you know, if you're looking for coffee at stage terminal dot shop, we are about to
launch terminal crown.
Crown is our membership goes up at your door.
Once a month, the surprise inside, it's going to be different every single month.
You're not going to want to miss it.
You're going to see it on all of our Twitter people posting what they got in their
crown box.
So if you want to support us, it helps us do wild, crazy things, including this podcast.
Consider doing that.
So there you go.
There's a little ad break.
Fly away for Adam to finish being.
Okay, so my review, are you ready?
Yeah.
The onboarding is nuts.
I don't know when I'm in the app and when I'm in something else, it's great.
It's really confusing.
I think actually using app, it's like, again, there's a lot of hacks in there too.
And I think the experience just doesn't come together that great.
Yeah.
Cause I mean, the first thing I did was take a picture at my bathroom floor and send it
to you, but it just pulls up the normal iOS share thing and I just tapped on your face
and it was slack.
And then the message it sent in slack is my message, so that's not intuitive, but I get
the idea.
All the little vibration stuff is really cool also like during the, yeah, like when I send
it to you, you see how that's like playing, wait a minute, because I think that whole
thing is a video and if you click that, like the video opens, you get this like ugly thing.
And then if you tap open, then it actually opens, you would send me that it was a pretty
cool experience.
I mean, like just now the photo you sent, I sent you a picture of my meat.
So I'm going to send you on just because I want to actually do it right.
Dax or you are in texts, my message.
It's very confusing.
It's like, anyway, maybe we've spent too much time talking about this app because I don't
know.
You said it's not even serious.
Like this is just a performance art.
I think so.
So either of you saying half is okay, but I want Silicon Valley to get together and agree
to never buy one of Nikita's companies or pay him for consulting ever.
So he's forced to live up to his potential because I feel like like, why is he not trying
to be at the level of Zuckerberg?
Oh, interesting.
Like he has so much insane talent.
I know he just loves the early stage of these apps.
Yeah.
I'm sure there's a good reason, but I would love to like if there just wasn't an option
to exit, what would he have done?
I'm like, so curious about that.
That's a great point.
Like his apps don't ever continue to exist, do they?
They get bought by these big companies and then his talent.
The thing he actually made that was so great just goes away.
Yeah.
Like how would he operate?
Well, in the world.
Texas weren't an option.
Yeah.
There's this thing that I think about all the time where I'm like, like obviously we need
a market where exits can happen so that things even get funded.
At the same time, I think about Nest and I'm like, Nest was such a good, like the Nest
thermostat.
Yeah.
And to this day is still a very good product, even like the current iterations of it.
What would it have looked like if they just had to make it?
If they just had to make it instead of selling themselves to go off, I feel like they would
have been if they succeeded, maybe they would have died.
But if they succeeded, I feel like they would be like an Apple scale company, but making
all this really great home automation stuff.
And we wouldn't have this clusterfuck of like 1000 options and all of them suck.
So sometimes I wonder about these acquisitions, like people don't.
It gives people such a nice option that they never go for it, even if they're capable of
it.
Yeah.
There's Twitter tweet Kramer tweeted about acquisition just the other day.
I was just as non related to what we're talking about, but just kind of like a founder perspective
take on acquisition and like as a failure mode.
Yeah.
There's no solution to what you're saying, right?
Like it's just part, it's not like some unnatural legislation that creates this environment.
It's just normal market forces that lead to those scenarios, right?
I would say a little bit.
I'm very pro capitalist, but the position that I have, which is different than I would
say most people that are pro capitalist is I think we need more regulation on some of
these things that are clearly monopolies, like we need to disrupt Facebook and Google.
These companies are just like Facebook just buys every single social media app.
Yeah.
Right.
So again, if there was no exit option for what's that, but would they have become?
If there was no exit option for Instagram, what would they have become?
Would Facebook even exist?
You know?
So I think yeah, like the level like these companies have gone really good at M&A, like
they don't let they just don't let themselves be competed with.
Yeah.
They take them out pretty early.
So I just down to the founders like having the risk tolerance to be like, no, fuck that.
I'm going for all or nothing, which like only people like Elon really do.
Just like so few people really have that.
Yeah.
So you think about Google, do you think like, like when you think about the monopoly they've
had for what?
20 years?
How long have they had this search?
And like basically, it's like a monopoly on the internet really, like the internet flows
through Google.
Do you think that's going to like this is kind of branching off, but do you think that's
going to go away with this whole world of like LLMs and AI?
And if we really are, oh, we should talk about that.
Are we really hitting like some AGI this year that they're talking about?
Yeah.
So I have a few different thoughts on this.
So if you remember early, early on, when we first saw time at podcast, when the stuff
first came out, I said that I can't see my Google habit going away was totally wrong
about that.
I like do not use Google.
I hate using Google.
I feel so much worse than using Chad JBT.
So my use of Google has dropped massively.
I'm only there if for a certain amount of cases, increasingly, I've been using grok
for those cases because grok understands current events, which has been grok in Twitter, right?
Yeah.
Because I just saw yesterday, there's actually a grok with a queue.
Website.
That's true.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
I grok with a queue.
They're like a really fast L.M.
And then there's the grok website.
Is that different from Twitter's grok?
No, grok with a K. Did they just launched a website?
Okay.
grok.com.
Yeah.
I use grok in Twitter just within.
I'm like, what?
What are you talking about?
And then the grok will like kind of give me some idea.
Usually it's wrong.
I've actually never used that feature.
Oh, really?
Which means I must put it too much.
I understand everything.
No, all of it.
Yeah.
Uh, but so I was 100% wrong on that like it totally was a thousand times better and I,
my cool habit as strong as it was eroded, that said, I feel like with the way these tech
companies are, you just never, you can just never count them out.
They can move like years later and end up winning very silently.
And the perfect example is Microsoft and Slack.
Mm hmm.
Right.
Slack had been around forever captured this business use case, literally went public and
teams is still bigger.
Microsoft just moved super late with a worse product and they still won.
It's just because the inertia, just the world moves so slow that like, yeah, the inertia
and the, the, like the distribution they have and like, it's so I can see Google as the,
even though it looks like what the hell, like what are they doing?
Mm hmm.
I feel like they, they're just so much room for moving slow, like you move super slow and
it doesn't matter.
You're a big company.
Like you'll still.
End up winning.
Um, and Microsoft, I feel always ends up winning too, in the end.
Yeah.
Apple would win because I use Siri because it's convenient.
It's on my watch and I hate it.
It's so bad in the world of LOMs.
Like when you're used to getting the kind of crazy stuff
we can get out of Claude or Chad GBT,
and then you ask Siri to like add some to your grocery list.
And it's like, hello.
I'm like, oh my God.
(laughing)
Like are they ever gonna get it?
Are they gonna get the LOM thing on Apple products?
'Cause I would love that.
I guess that's what intelligence--
- I mean, you can now.
- It's just funny.
Apple intelligence launched and I like don't know
what it is still, like where is it?
Like I know sometimes I can ask it to ask Chad GBT stuff,
but like, yeah.
- I've never even used that.
I know when it first came out in the beta,
it would summarize text and that was kind of cool.
'Cause I do get these very lengthy texts sometimes.
- It's so funny.
- Mine won't do it anymore.
And I haven't turned on and it's trying to be crazy.
'Cause I get nothing out of Apple intelligence.
And I hear about it every day in the news
about Apple intelligence and it's doing this and it's doing that.
And it won't even work on my phone anymore.
So I don't know.
I don't know what they're doing with that stuff.
It's like comically bad.
And I think to be fair, Apple especially does really well
when they can wait a very long time.
And I don't think that it's been a very long time
since that whims have come out.
Like they put out features, like the writing features
to help you like generate emails and stuff like that.
So that's just like what any random ass startup thinks of.
- Right.
- To do, we're gonna generate emails for you.
It's just, it's not that compelling.
So you just kind of put like timeline into the conversation.
I do remember, I was just thinking the other day,
I remember when chat GPT came out.
We were at re-invent or were you there at that re-invent?
I was at re-invent.
I'm pretty sure.
- I don't remember.
- I remember where I was the day chat GPT came out.
(laughing)
Like it was wild.
I mean, it was just this kind of like open AI
was just this research place.
And then like, I remember when this is this new thing,
you don't remember playing with chat GPT
in the early, early days and the excitement around it,
how Twitter blew up.
- I just don't really have a clear memory of that.
- Okay.
Well, I remember it.
And now he, what's his name?
Sam, Sam, Sama, Sam Walton.
Yeah.
He's saying AGI this year.
That's the last thing on the podcast today.
What are your thoughts?
What does that even mean?
But also, is it gonna happen?
- Sam, like Zuckerberg, I have always gotten
a really negative vibe from like--
- Me too.
- I would just look at his face and be like, no.
- Okay.
- No, he's lying to me.
Zuckerberg, there was a little period where I kind of liked him.
When he got fired and he was kind of sassy on Twitter,
I liked Sam for a little bit.
I was like, oh, maybe he's not so bad.
And now he's back to being a lizard man.
I mean, him and Zuckerberg are like the same human being
to me.
I do not like them.
- Yeah.
- I can't even articulate why.
They just seem--
- I think we should listen to these feelings.
I think there's some deep, ancient wisdom in them.
So--
- I mean, every time Sam says something
on like a podcast, he seems so out of touch
with like actual human beings in the world.
- I don't believe his intonation of speech is real.
To me, it feels like he is doing a very specific way
of talking.
I don't think that's his real way of talking.
And that immediately just puts me on high guard.
- Yeah.
- It's like, you know, Elizabeth Holmes did this.
A lot of people do this, but if you think about,
again, come back to Elon.
Elon does not do this 'cause he sounds so incompetent
when he saw us.
He's always stuttering and he's always like interrupting
himself and like, he doesn't sound good.
Whereas Sam Altman has this like,
he has this like, "I am thinking really hard."
And that's what I thought really hard.
- That exactly is tough.
- It's like a very practice calm like demeanor.
And it's not, there's no way you're just talking
to your friends like that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, okay, regardless of Sam, I shouldn't have framed it
with Sam.
- Okay, yeah.
- Things seem to be escalating with AI.
It does seem like it's doing things people didn't expect
to be able to do.
I even feel like it's doing things I didn't expect to do.
Do you have like a disgusted face?
You don't think so?
- No, it's just, here's the thing.
It does so many things that are so incredible and useful
that it feels like it can do anything.
But when you sit down and look at it,
it also is like, cannot do,
I thought I'd categorize a wide set of things.
Like it can do this, it can't do that.
- Yeah, that's true.
- I think where it's really impressive.
And it's, I was talking to A.J. by the other day,
I'm like, I've never introspected this hard
about what I do all day.
Cause like AI is forcing us to think about like,
okay, I'm writing code, but then like,
there's like 12 different versions of that.
And sometimes I'm in this mode and sometimes I'm in that.
I can help me in this mode, it can be that.
So what it's really good at
is having a giant photographic memory.
So when you ask it things and it answers,
it's really impressive and it's compensating for,
it's, it's raw intelligence, it's pretty stupid.
- Yeah, it's compensating for the fact that it's never forgotten a fact,
basically.
So when I'm like, how do I do copy paste using ANSI codes?
And it spits it out.
I'm like, this is amazing.
I would have never found this otherwise, right?
- Yeah. - But when I tell it,
hey, I had a scrollback buffer in my multiplexer.
When I resize the screen,
I need to make sure that things reflow properly,
cannot do it even a little bit at all,
horrible at it.
- Yeah. - So clearly you can't compensate
for what's required there using memory.
You have to like have raw like logic,
some kind of raw horsepower there that doesn't have.
So I don't feel like it's escalating, really?
I feel like the way it's being delivered
has gotten better, like some of the UX things
have gotten much better with actually using these things
that they workflows.
But it's clear we're just like massaging
this fixed amount of raw horsepower into different ways.
And it scales like way beyond the current.
- I don't know.
I mean, that's a question.
Every time we see something interesting,
and we do the SC a few times around AI products,
we'll deep dive into them and just talk about it,
we'll do all this complex analysis
and really get down to it.
And the answer at the bottom is always the same,
which is this is not a good product,
but it can be amazing if the raw thing
at the bottom gets better.
It's always that.
So the question is always,
will the raw horsepower get better?
If it can't, none of these products are viable,
really, like not in like a big way.
So it just comes down to like,
does the scale it does going while it's a holder?
Or is it gonna flatten out?
- I saw a levels tweet where he launched some like photo
or text to video or something.
And it's like you, it's like your avatar like talking,
but it's all based off of like a generated image of you.
So it's not you don't even have to make video.
It's just like you, but it looks so awful.
Like you would never want to like put this video
if you talk to him anywhere.
And he acknowledges it and he's basically like,
well, as the underlying models get better,
we can all imagine how this will get better.
It's like, well, that's a big assumption.
That has to happen.
Like the underlying models have to actually get better.
- Yeah. So it always just comes down to that.
Like none of these products can really make the impact
they set out to do today.
'Cause we're just massaging this existing thing.
- And then there's the question that economics have it.
I do wonder like, are we doing--
- That's another crazy disorder.
- Yeah.
- Are we doing this crazy magic trick
but we're spinning way more than we could ever,
that anyone would ever pay to do this?
I think about this every time I hit a lemon on a claw.
It's like, are we just like, is this all just vapor?
It's gonna go away because we can't even afford to do this.
Like, I would have to pay crazy amounts
just for the functionality I get today
that wouldn't justify.
Like, do you feel that way?
Like, is this all being mortgage?
- Yeah. I just, it's like, I don't even,
I just want to know what the actual numbers are
so I can like, understand what types of businesses are possible.
I grant it that you can bring the numbers down
some big magnitude over time
'cause it is just pure software.
But I do remember the days of $4 Uber rides in New York
to literally anywhere and now it's like minimum $35 to anywhere.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I can recall how it feels and how it feels to go away.
- We built the habit on a cheap dollar amount
and then to maintain the habit, it's gonna cost.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So like, I just want to know, like, what are the actual,
'cause like, 'cause Sam was saying
that they're losing money on O1 Pro.
So I'm like, that is wild 'cause O1 Pro costs $200 a month, right?
Imagine, like, you personally consuming $200 of infrastructure.
- Yeah, it's a lot.
- That's insane.
Like no other, like, I was trying to compare it to Netflix.
I'm like, if you had Netflix on 24/7,
there's like video, 4K, streaming.
That's still probably gonna be like nothing.
That's gonna be like a dollar in infrastructure costs.
- Just taking $200 worth of--
- Like what that, like, that's really mind-blowing.
- A lot of GPUs, I guess.
- Individuals can do that, yeah.
Like a home GPU costs $1,000.
So you're telling me I'm consuming that every five months.
That's just like, it doesn't, it's so crazy.
Like, how is that possible?
- That's insane.
Okay, I have to unceremoniously get off here.
Sorry, this episode is now exploding
in three seconds or whatever.
(laughing)
It's been an hour, 10 minutes.
- An hour and 10 minutes, something like that.
- Apparently, we record on Wednesdays.
That's good to know.
I'm sorry, if we always were supposed to,
and every Wednesday, I can't.
- We put a counter, I have a counter invite.
I'm like, I'm gonna pay things to it, though.
- I do not, I do not pay attention to a counter.
So sorry, KCL, so that it'll pay attention to my calendar.
- This is the thing I should probably start doing
to make everyone in my life happy.
- Yep. - Anyway.
- Yep. - See ya.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)